
                    *****   Future Enhancements   ******

  These are just some of the enhancements planned for future releases
  of The SPUTTER Sound System:

        . Mouse support will be added to the SPUTTER File Manager.

        . Background playback capability will be added to SPUTROL, the ROL
          file player.

        . A special editor for Event Definition files will be added to
          SPUTTER to simplify the creation and modification of these files.

        . Access to all of the Event Monitor switches will be added to
          the SPUTTER pull-down menus.

        . An improved male voice and a new female voice will be provided
          for text-to-speech translations.

        . The SPUTTER argument selection screens, will be expanded into
          fill-in forms with switch values selected by using arrow keys.

        . I'm considering the possibility of adding the ability to store
          and play ROL files in ZIP files.  This would require extensive
          changes to the SPUTTER File Manager, so I'd like to hear how
          important this is to anyone.  If I get enough feedback that it's
          a very desirable feature - I'll go for it!

        . Support for extended & expanded memory may be added to be used
          for loading digitized sound files.

        . A new utility called SPUTIL (SPutter-UTILity), to convert or encode
          sound files into compressed formats to save disk space.

        . Add support for playback of files of unlimited size.


  If you have any other ideas for improving or enhancing the SPUTTER Sound
  System, please let me know.  I can be reached in the following ways:

        Mail:   VersaWare / Adrienne Cousins
                30 Jennifer Street
                Littleton, MA 01460

        Phone:  508-486-3083 (voice)

        BBS:    Channel One    Cambridge MA  617-354-8873   (MABOS)
                Exec-PC        Milwaukee WI  414-789-4210   (WIMIL)

                The latest version of SPUTTER is always posted on these
                fine boards, and registered users are always welcome to
                call me direct for the latest beta test release.


