        -------------------------------------------------------------
                       WAYS TO USE DIGITIZED SOUND FILES
        -------------------------------------------------------------


        Here are some ideas of ways to use digitized sound files:

        Incorporate sound in batch files.  My autoexec is fairly lengthy,
        performing incremental backups, disk optimization and virus checking
        automatically each day.  By sprinkling different sound files
        throughout the AUTOEXEC process, I can go work on other tasks
        in the office, while listening to the progress the system is making.

        Incorporate sound with your slide shows.  When using VPIC to
        display GIF, PCX, MAC and other picture files from a batch file,
        you can run VPIC with the /r switch to regain control.  This will
        cause VPIC to exit while leaving the picture still displayed on the
        screen, then you can play an appropriate sound file.

        Use soundfiles as part of a tutorial series.  Display a screen of
        pictures or charts, while playing a descriptive message.

        To preserve lectures, or recordings of any other noteworthy
        event you wish to preserve.

        Enclose voice message files with your EMAIL messages.

        To alert you that selected events that may be occurring on your
        system, such as the modification or deletion of certain files,
        or the running of a particular program.

        To replace the run-of-the-mill BEEP with something more fitting
        for where the system is in use.  I like to use different animal
        sounds, like frogs croaking, or chicks peeping.  In an office
        environment, you might prefer some soothing tones, or a short
        piece of clasical music.

        For children younger than age 7 or 8, that haven't started to read
        yet, but still enjoy playing computer games, adding some verbal
        directions to a menuing system can make all the difference.
        I've added simple directions for inserting floppy disks,
        calibrating the joystick, or indicating which keys to hit to
        start and quit the game.



        If you have any other unique or interesting ways of using digitized
        sound files on your PC, I'd like to hear them.  Just send me a
        message on either of the BBS systems listed below, which I visit
        regularly.

        Channel One   Cambridge MA   (MABOS) 617-354-8873
        Exec-PC       Milmaukee WI   (WIMIL) 414-789-4210


