

                             GD VIEW V0.92
                  Copyright (c) 1996-98 Gerard de Melo
                         Registration Information



 --- Registering? What is all of this about? ---

 GD View  is user-supported  software.  You are  required  to become a
 registered user if you use it after the test period of 30 days. There
 is no fixed registration fee - you could even register for free.  You
 the  user  can   support  me  with   whatever  amount  you  think  is
 appropriate.
 By registering  you  encourage me  to continue the  development of GD
 View and to add more features.  Remember that it is illegal to use it
 after the test period without registering. After you register you can
 stop GD View  from showing the  title screen and  before you  exit GD
 View won't wait until you press a key any more.  



 --- What if I do not want to register? ---

 You  may not  use GD  View  when  the test period is  over unless you
 register.  If you do  not register then you must  remove GD View from
 your system.



 --- I want to register! What do I have to do? ---

 There are two registration methods:

 1) Standard Registrations

    Print out the file REGISTER.FRM  and fill out the form.  If you do
    not have a printer then prepare an equivalent letter.  Please make
    sure that everything is readable. Send the form by mail to:

    Gerard de Melo
    Heidestr. 156
    60385 Frankfurt am Main

    Please make sure that any donations you send  are not visible from
    the outside of the envelope.

    Registration codes are sent out  exclusively via e-mail so a valid
    e-mail  address must be  supplied  (go to  www.hotmail.com  to get
    one).

 2) Online Registrations

    To proceed point your Internet web browser to the address:
    http://www.demelo.org/gdm/gdv/regmd.html

 Your  registration  code  will  be  sent to you  as soon as  possible
 (contact me if for some reason it takes longer than three weeks).
 Once you have received it you can register your copy of GD View using
 the SETUP  program.  You will receive  a more detailed description of
 the process  with your key.  Entering the  correct  registration  key
 automatically transforms your copy of GD View into a registered copy.

 Contact me  if you  need to  make  special  arrangements  (e.g.  site
 licenses).

